NARRATOR: Nighttime, and darkness creeps
across the city with big tabby-cat feet.
Once again, we iuin Freakazuid
in the middle of a desperate crisis.
Why do I always wait till the last minute
to start Christmas shopping?
So little time. so many to shop for.
Wow. Lincoln Logs are on sale!
Mm.
NARRATOR: And while Freakazoid
purchased the fine gift of Lincoln Logs...
...a young coffee clerk
got a taste of fear.
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
NARRATOR [SINGING]:
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
Meet archcriminaf Arms Akimbo.
Wanted for extortion,
larceny and aggravated nudging.
Burn in Brooklyn,
his parents were famous print models...
...whu pushed young Arms
to follow in their path.
After years of forced modeling. which
left his arms frozen in a iaunty pose...
myoung Akimbo turned to crime.
He soon became
the scourge of his neighborhood.
[YELLING]
NARRATOR: His furious temper propelled
him upward through the criminal ranks.
He was a man determined
to elbow his way to the top.
Ha. ha. I made a little pun there.
Take the candy cane out of my mouth.
Now wipe the sticky candy stuff
off my face.
Now, listen, coffee boy.
I'm hereto sell you oops insurance.
W-- What's that?
Oops.
Please stop. I'll buy your insurance.
That's good.
You got another premium due next week.
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
NARRATOR: And where is the hero who will
end this cheap gangster': reign of terror?
Yeehaw!
[BELL TINKLING]
[GLASS BREAKS]
Oops.
You're too old. Fleakazoid.
HeY. this is between me
and the jolly one.
So like I was saying, I can't decide
whether to get Steff some perfume...
...or a summer sausage
shaped like Austria.
You tell me. man.
I'll go with whatever you say.
Urn, get her the perfume. Now beat it.
That Arms Akimbo is gonna pay 10! this.
I'm gonna make him sad and unhappy
all at the same time.
Maybe perfume is wrong.
Maybe I should get her
a Barney the Dinosaur golf hat. Woo-hoe!
[PAGER BEEPING]
[WOMAN LAUGHS]
[CRASH]
Sony. ma'am. It's my pager.
I have it set on “vibrate my bottom.“
It's Mike. There must be trouble
at the hot-dog stand...
...and that is just the thing to! Cosglove.
You're killing me.
A 3-foot-tall chocolate moose
with fudge eyes.
Oh. Cosglove
would trade his badge 10! this.
AKIMBO:
Oops.
Wow, I forgot about Mike.
I'd better beat feet
over to the hot-dog stand.
[LAUGHING NEARBY]
Lobe?
I thought you were terrorizing Europe
with some kind of cheese ray.
I was. but when the holidays roll around.
I come home to terrorize the ones I love.
Who you shopping 101? Anyone I know?
Maybe. maybe not.
Maybe I won't tell you.
- What'd you get me?
- Show me first.
- No. you show me.
- No. you.
AKIMBO:
Oops.
Sony. Lobe. Gotta run. Have a happy.
LOBE:
And to you. sir.
I hope he got me troubadour pants.
NARRATOR:
Oh, no! Freakazoidk inside that store.
Look out, Freakazoid!
They're cute. they're lovable
and jam shoots out their heads.
- I want them all.
WOMAN: Aah!
Aw. nut bunnies. I've got crime to fight.
[GASPS]
[FHEAKAZOID GRUNTING]
Oops.
I thought that was you. Fleakazoid.
Well. i1 it isn't Arms Akimbo.
Still selling oops insurance?
It's a dishonest living.
I haven't seen you since last year's...
...superhero-villain all-star
benefit softball game.
I remember. You were out.
You're crazy. I was safe.
[CROWD CHEERING]
[GHUNTS]
Take a hike. You're out.
No way. Akimbo. You missed the tag.
Fleakazoid. you were out
by a country mile.
No. no. no.
Time. Can we get a ruling here. please?
Have you all gone stalk raving mad?
This is a baseball game. Play ball.
Come on. Huntsman. What's the call?
I turned away to have some belly water
and I missed the play.
Dam the luck. Dam.
FREAKAZOID:
What are you talking about? I was sate!
[ALL ARGUING INDISTINCTLY]
HUNTSMAN:
Dam the luck. Dam.
- Out!
- Safe!
Excuse me.
[FHEAKAZO I D G HUNTS]
People like you don't bother me in the least.
You know why?
Who cares?
You wanna know?
No.
You sure? It's funny.
Bo, Malachi, take care of this burn.
I'm gonna show you fellas a little trick.
Next time you're in trouble, do this:
[BO AND MALACHI GRUNT AND GROAN]
I know. I make it look easy.
I'll fix you, you wisenheimel.
- Howdy. partner.
- What is this. Hee Haw?
Stop it. Fight normal.
FREAKAZOID [SINGING]:
Circle around with a Brooklyn thug
Toss him in the aisle with a coffee mug
AKIMBO:
Hey!
[AKIMBO YELLING]
[AKIMBO GRUNTS]
[GROANING]
You were out.
[OFFICERS SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
OVER RADIO]
AKIMBO:
The other way. copper.
[COSGROVE GRUNTS]
AKIMBO:
Hey!
Hey. Cosglove. what do you think
I should get Stett to! Christmas?
Get her something a girl would want,
like banjo lessons or a new turban.
What about perfume?
I never use the stuff. It's for girls.
See you.
That's it. Why buy he! anything?
I'll just tell SteH that I'm he! present.
Get her the perfume.
I think you're light.
NARRATOR:
And now:
[NARHATOH READING ON-SCREEN TEXT]
[PLAYING “JINGLE BELLS"]
NARRATOR:
This concludes our musical interlude.
We now return to our program.
[SHEEP BAAS]
Unag. what is taking you so long?
UNAG: I can't see anything.
It's all cloudy and spooky and so on.
Wait a moment. I think--
I-- I think there's someone here
in the cloud peeking at me and so on.
Hello? Yes.
Who are you?
What is that you are holding?
No. No. stay back.
Put that down. No. no!
[UNAG SCHEAMING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
BERNT:
Hang on. Unag.
[YELLS]
[UNAG SCREAMS THEN GRUNTS]
Stupid dummy head.
Why did you drop him?
His wife will be furious.
[STAMMERING]
His face. He looked like a clown.
[GHUNTING]
[SNORING]
[MUMBLING]
Na-- And a dog and a leg on a tree.
On a tree. the dog is leashed“ Leashed.
I say. pardon me. old chap.
Hello?
Excuse me. My hail.
Ew!
Sony.
That's all light. No harm done.
It's just that my head was getting cold.
The name's Spangel. Lyle Spangel.
Zoid. Fleakazoid.
Oh, jolly good.
Where are you off to, Mr. Freakazoid?
- Schnitzel.
- Schnitzel. is it?
Oh. I see.
From what I understand...
...there are some rather strange goings-on
up the mountain there.
Bizarre accidents oi inexplicable origin.
You have a bogey in your nose.
Oh. deal.
[SNIFFLING]
As a matter of fact,
I'm headed to Schnitzel myself.
See if I can't sort through the mystery.
I'm a light-bulb dealer by trade.
I'm gonna try to determine...
...if these accidents
aren't somehow related to faulty bulbs.
CONDUCTOR:
Schnitzel!
Next stop. Schnitzel.
Get off, if you dare.
Well. enjoy your stay. MI. Fleakazoid.
And remember. beware the mountain.
You still have that bogey.
Oh. deal.
[SNIFFLING]
She's a beautiful mountain, yes?
But in the cloud lurk spooky things.
You are Fleakazoid?
That's light.
I am Hans.
We will take the sky buckets
to the observatory.
The professor is waiting for you there.
Now come. We mustn't linger.
It is not safe here at night.
It's day.
Well. then I suppose
we can linger 10! a moment.
Okay. let's go.
I saw that.
[CHUCKLING]
FREAKAZOID:
Wowee!
[FREAKAZOID LAUGHS]
It's just like at Disneyland.
- Not anymore, I'm afraid.
- What?
At Disneyland. the sky buckets.
they are gone. kaput.
And the ride where they
shrink you down tiny. nicht.
Oh. no.
Well, at least they still have
those little motorboats.
FREAKAZOID:
No! Not the boats!
There.
[SINGING]
Ouey Gooey was a warm
A gooey worm was he
[SINGING]
He sat upon a railroad track
A train he did not see
BOTH [SINGING]:
Ouey Gooey!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
My good friend Fleakazoid.
I came as soon as I got your letter.
Oh, yes. I'm afraid we have a situation.
- You have seen the cloud?
- How bad is it?
The fate of mankind
hangs in the balance.
[CHYING]
It's awful. Terrible.
Don't worry. my friend.
We will figure out something.
No. not that.
I was just thinking about
that boat ride at Disneyland.
Yes. I know. It's gone.
[SOBBING]
Why? Why?
Whv? Why?
There, there.
I understand your pain, but you'll see.
The imagineels at Disney will come up
with something even bettenia?
[WHIMPERING]
Now come. We have much work to do.
[CHYING]
HEINY: These are the victims,
all of them transformed into clown zombies.
And always the cloud is present.
Ooh. this guy really got nailed.
No. no. no.
Red Skelton painted that 10! me.
I am a collector.
Professor Heiny.
there is someone climbing the mountain.
FREAKAZOID:
That's Spanger, from the train.
What is he doing?
Didn't he lead the warnings?
Professor. the cloud. it's-- It's moving.
Widen the angle.
[CAMERA BEEPING]
It's headed light 10! him.
Professor. I've just heard
the boat ride at Disneyland is gone.
Whv? Why?
LAB TECHNICIAN:
Look.
Audio. I must heal it.
SPANGER [ON MONITOR]:
I say, hello? Is there someone there?
Oh. hello. What': that you've got there?
Nu, put it dawn.
No!
[SPANGER SCREAMING]
The cloud. it's moving away.
Maximum magnification.
[ALL GASP]
HEINY:
Pool devil.
And he still has that bogey.
Professor. the cloud.
It's moving toward us.
Ooh.
We're trapped.
[BANGING ON DOOR]
Stay back.
Hey, Freakazoid,
you wanna go build a go-cart?
Oh. hi. Cosglove.
I'd like to but we're kind oi
in the middle oi something.
COSGROVE:
Okay. Maybe later.
By the way. there's a spooky cloud thing
turning people into clown zombies out here.
- I'd take care of that if I were you.
- Okay.
See you.
Cosglove's light.
I'm gonna have to go out there
and iace that thing. man to cloud.
OI is it teenager to cloud? OI is it...?
FREAKAZOW: Hmm. I've never seen
Cosgrove so peppy and frisky.
This fresh mountain air
must really agree with him.
Maybe I should get him some
for his birthday.
Wait a minute.
Why am I thinking about this right now?
I've got important work to do.
If I'm not back in five minutes...
...keep waiting.
Hello? Aah! Aah!
[MANIACAL LAUGHTER NEARBY]
Whoa!
Who's there?
Fleakazoid.
You're always hanging around.
[LAUGHING]
Lobe. So you're behind this.
That's light, Fleakazoid.
With this atomic demoleculolizel...
...I can tum anyone into a clown zombie.
trained to do my bidding.
- Why?
- The perfect plan .
Everyone loves a clown.
There's a knock on the door.
It's a clown.
You let it in.
The next thing you know.
they've taken over.
For me.
Well. it you don't mind me saying so.
that is the stupidest plan I've ever heard 0t.
No. it's not. It's a good plan.
Baloney. People don't like clowns.
What were you thinking?
That's just dumb.
- Nuh-uh.
- Uh-huh.
[GHUNTS]
Dumb. dumb. dumb.
And you're doing it out here
in the middle of nowhere.
There aren't even
that many people around.
What were you thinking? Explain it to me.
L-- I'm not sure. I--
Come on, get out of there.
I expected a lot more from you than this.
Clown zombies. Please.
You're light.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
I think I'm overtired.
[CRYING]
It's the best I could do.
Turn off the cloud.
Now, go on. Get out of here.
- Go.
- I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Go on.
Sony. I'm so sorry.
Sony.
Is he gone?
Phew! Boy, he had a brilliant plan.
Wow. he's good.
Pretty clever, Freakazoid.
Now, how about that go-cart?
Sure thing. Cosglove.
Hey. Cosglove. I know
what you're getting to! your birthday.
Hey. who wants
some pot roast and cola?
[ENGLISH SDH]